Please, mow me.
This is my husband.
You're her husband.
You conniving little bitch.
You think you can just grab some random guy off the street
and call him your husband?
I mean, come on, look at yourself, huh?
Hey, stay away from my wife.
Oh, so she's actually your wife?
And he would love to kick your ass.
Oh, okay.
Let me give you a little advice, buddy.
Girls that look like that, dress like that,
they like to have sex for money, okay?
And I'm pretty sure she's got plenty of guys in her back pocket.
She can dress however she wants.
It's your mind out of the gutter.
You disgust me.
Okay, she's all yours.
Oh, there's no need to thank him.
We're family now, right?
Family?
Grandma, it's not what you think.
I heard what you said.
I've been divorced now for two years.
Your parents are still waiting for a new proposal,
times ticking and going to be home from their trip next month.
Grandma, it's not what you think.
What if she's like all the girls?
You know my ex-wife.
And I happen to also have the best instincts, Ethan.
My instincts are never wrong.
I like this girl.
Here's the plan.
Married.
Right now.
Before I kick the bucket.
Married?